(dramatic music)
- [Man] You hate breakfast.
It's one of the worst things about you.
- [Taxi] Do you want to take
the bridge or the tunnel?
- [Man] It doesn't matter.
- Tunnel's quicker.
- [Man] Well, then take the tunnel.
- Are you sure?
- Sure about what?
- [Taxi] There's a toll on the tunnel.
- I feel like you should probably take
whichever one you feel is best.
- We'll take whatever's cheapest.
We're not in a hurry.
- But we are in a hurry.
- We're not in a hurry.
(gentle music)
- [Taxi] Highway looks
to be pretty jammed.
- Is there an alternative
to taking the highway?
- [Taxi] Local roads.
- Right.
- Yeah, I don't think we should
be taking the local roads.
- I don't think we should this much
of a conversation with the cab driver.
(gentle music)
(dramatic music)
- Your first day back in town
and you call me for this?
- Can you get it?
- Yeah, I got it.
All right, all right, oh my God.
Up, up, up.
Oh my God.
- Fuck.
Oh, be careful.
Jesus Christ.
God.
Fuck.
- I'm gonna hurl.
- Damn it.
(men grunting)
(glass shatters)
Okay, watch your feet.
Picture broke, there's
glass all over your feet.
You know that scene in mission impossible
where he breaks the light bulbs
so he can hear people
coming up the stairs?
Well this reminds me of that.
All right.
Come on.
- It's a good scene.
(men grunting)
- All right, just wait.
- [Man] So what happened to Lizzy anyway?
- She disappeared.
- What do you mean she disappeared?
She disappeared, disappeared,
or Lizzy disappeared?
- Well I don't mean she disappeared
like she's on the side of a milk carton.
She's just took off, she's gone.
We're not together anymore.
- [Man] Sorry to hear that.
- [Man] Come on, let's go.
Ready?
- Yeah, I guess.
- [Man] One, two, three.
(men grunting)
Hold on, fuck, hold on.
- Oh shit.
- [Man] What?
- I think I broke the step.
(dramatic music)
(door creaks)
- Holy fucking shit.
- What's goin on man?
- Oh man.
Back from the dead.
- You're looking good.
- Oh, you know, I try.
- Still bringing in the crowds I see.
- You set him up?
- You know it.
He's picking up Brunches for us.
- No shit?
- Yeah.
- What kind of music you gonna play?
- I have no idea.
I do appreciate the gig.
- No problem.
- [Bartender] Cheers, welcome back.
- We're literally,
always hiring for Brunch.
- By the way, you staying
at that place over there?
Good for you, I bet your glad you didn't
sell that place as a
fucking lottery ticket.
- You should see the
futon he's just put in.
It's gorgeous.
- Come on, let's do another round.
What, I haven't seen you guys in years,
we can't do hammer times back
to back to back about it?
Come on.
- Ah fuck it, all right,
all right, all right.
I'm no bitch, let's do it.
- I haven't done back to backs in years.
(gentle music)
- [Man] I can't go fucking
drinking like this.
You're a fucking bitch.
And you just a kid, you know that right?
- Oh fuck.
- [Man] I actually know these things!
- I know fucking more
than you'll ever know,
you don't get to play the smart card
just cause you're older than me, asshole.
I don't have fucking time for this shit,
I have better shit to think about.
- [Man] Yeah, like what?
- [Woman] Like, like.
- [Man] Like what, what better
shit do you have to think about?
- [Woman] High minded
shit, I don't fucking know.
Euthanasia, women's rights.
- Listen to yourself, the other night
when we were talking politics you thought
I said that you run
Cointreau, like it's something
you put in a fucking margarita.
(gentle music)
All yours Clark Kent!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah fine.
- What was that all about?
- I fucked him too good.
- Yeah, I hate it when I do that.
Come on, let's do a shot.
- [Woman] Nah, I don't really do shots.
- [Man] What, just do one shot.
- [Woman] Fine, only if it's vodka though.
- [Man] Yeah, we're not
drinking vodka, whisky.
- Oh shit.
We should go do something fun right now.
Everyone just drinks in this city,
but it's a big city you know?
We should go do something.
- Like what?
Go look at the statue of Liberty?
There's nothing to do here.
And it's 6:00 AM.
- So?
(gentle music)
(waves crashing)
- That's a pretty cool statue.
I mean, aside from the historical
part, it's pretty neat.
I wish something like that,
some big statement were made just for me.
Like the Taj Mahal or something.
I don't know.
You know what I mean?
- You ever hear of a thing
called the Cardiff giant?
- No.
- It's this famous thing
in upstate New York,
this guy made a fake skeleton of a giant
and then charged people
admission to look at it.
Somehow this thing swept the nation.
People were coming in covered
wagons just to see it.
He made so much money that PT. Barnum
made a replica of the fake skeleton,
charged admission to look at that,
huge lawsuit for infringement
which Barnum ended up winning
because it turns out
you can't make a forgery
of something that's already fake.
I think about that whenever
I look at stuff like this.
The Statue of Liberty doesn't
make me feel anything.
It's just a giant lady holding a torch.
- I kind of like it.
- Hey, can you please take your shoes off?
No matter how ridiculous they are.
- [Woman] I love these shoes.
- [Man] You want a drink?
- Mmhm.
(gentle music)
You play the guitar?
- I used to.
- [Woman] You good?
- No, not really.
I just rip off Leonard Cohen and Tom Waits
- Leonard Cohen wrote that
Jeff Buckley song, right?
- Just please don't ever
say that to me again.
(woman gags)
Have you ever even seen
anybody do a shot before?
- I haven't seen any of these.
- Really?
Not even metropolitan?
- Don't do that thing.
Don't act like it's Citizen Kane,
just cause I haven't seen it yet.
- [Man] I didn't act
like it was Citizen Kane.
Have you heard of any of those?
- Did you just move here?
- [Man] To New York?
No, I just moved back.
- The old come and go.
- No, I never wanted to
leave in the first place.
I lived here for 10 years.
- [Woman] Does that really mean eight?
Everyone always rounds up.
- How old are you?
- [Woman] 19 and three quarters.
I don't know why I said that.
I don't usually do that.
I'm 19, almost 19.
- Almost 19?
Oh my God.
- Fuck.
God damn it.
(upbeat music)
- [Man] She's 19?
What'd you guys even talk about?
- I don't know.
I think it's, maybe it's just fun
hanging out with somebody that isn't 40.
- I wouldn't know.
(upbeat music)
- Is that guitar still for sale?
- [Man] Yeah, I think it is.
(dramatic music)
- [Man] Hey!
Al, did you put the AC back in though?
(phone vibrates)
(dramatic music)
- Gypsy cab just left, never
seen an angrier guy in my life.
Lizzy, what are you doing?
- I'm coming.
I'm making sure I have everything.
Okay.
Maybe we shouldn't move.
- [Man] Ugh, Lizzy, come on, please.
- I mean shouldn't we just wait
until all our stuff is out?
- [Man] Garth is gonna
send everything we need--
- I just have this feeling that
you're not going to get rid of this stuff,
and you're not going
to sell this apartment
and that would be insane Neil.
- I know it would be.
- Most guys keep a black
Book in case they break up,
not entire fucking apartments.
Is the pizza gonna suck in LA?
- We're moving to Ontario,
and yes, it's gonna suck.
- [Taxi] Wanna take the
bridge or the tunnel?
- It doesn't matter.
(dramatic music)
(upbeat music)
- You win Neil.
♪ Emily is out on the balcony ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ She says don't worry about me ♪
♪ I'll probably be all right ♪
♪ If I invite you up it's
cause I wanna work it out ♪
♪ But I gotta tell you that
is something that I doubt ♪
- [Lizzy] Fuck.
- You ghosted me.
Is it an age thing?
- Kind of.
- I kind of feel shitty.
I came on too strong, I'm sorry.
- No you didn't.
You didn't do anything wrong at all.
It was just a fucked up night.
- Come on, let's go have
some fun, be friendly.
So we can stop feeling like shit about it.
(gentle music)
- [Neil] 2.75 for a slice of pizza.
- So you're one of those people
who complains about the price of pizza?
- These used to be a dollar.
There used to be a pizza place right where
that hotel is, and you
could get one of these at--
- Now it's 2.75.
Give me a bite.
- Just take it, I'm not feeding you
my million dollar slice of pizza.
- It's just a bite and my hands are cold.
- Your mistake.
- If you don't give me a bite,
I'm gonna start screaming
and you're gonna hate it.
- All right, just fucking, go, go.
(gentle music)
(Lizzy clattering)
(Lizzy gasps)
- [Lizzy] Wow.
Where did you come from?
(gentle music)
(Lizzy gasps)
Oh my God.
- Nirvana.
- What?
Oh, I don't know.
- This is the Old Man Game,
you don't get I don't
know, it's yes or no.
- No, you don't have to like them.
- Thank God, cause I keep
listening and I just don't get it.
- Well, they mattered in the 90's.
- Bacon.
- Kevin?
Both bacon's are cool.
- Music festivals.
- Fuck no.
- I know right?
California?
- You've never been?
- I'm supposed to go on a
road trip with a friend,
during the summer when
she goes down to collage
but I have to learn how to drive first.
I wanna go to Big Sur someday.
- California's cool just
don't ever move there.
People who move to
California from New York
just talk about the bars that they used
to drink at when they're here.
- Those are probably the same people
who talked about moving the
entire time they were here.
- Yeah.
Hey!
- Why thank you.
(door creaking)
(gentle music)
(Lizzy thudding)
(dramatic music)
(gentle music)
(suspenseful music)
(door thuds)
(machine beeping)
- [Doctor] Don't give up hope.
- She'll wake up.
- [Doctor] She's a fighter, huh?
- Not at all.
She just gets bored real easy.
- [Man] Hey Neil.
Long time, no talk.
- Hey Dennis, what are you doing here?
- [Dennis] I guess I'm
her emergency contact.
- [Neil] You are?
Where, on what, how would she even?
- [Doctor] He's her brother, right?
- [Dennis] Half brother.
- [Doctor] It's protocol for the
emergency contact to be contacted.
- [Dennis] She looks different.
Man, it's the craziest thing
yesterday at work a buddy of
mine, young guy, healthy guy
collapsed right on site and
had a full blown stroke.
He's in ICU right now.
Can't talk or nothing and now this.
(phone vibrating)
This is Dennis.
Yeah, I'm at Brooklyn Methodist.
No, no somebody else.
I can look into it later, I gotta go.
I heard through the grapevine
you guys are getting divorced, aren't you?
- [Neil] We've been separated for awhile.
- [Dennis] Jesus, man.
This is really something.
But you're relived, I got it from here.
Yeah, don't worry about a thing,
we're overdue for a catch-up.
- [Neil] Are you sure?
- [Dennis] Yes.
- [Neil] All right, wait.
- [Dennis] Right.
- [Neil] So you're going
to hang out, right?
I don't want her to wake
up and have nobody be here
cause she's not gonna
know what's going on and?
Okay.
- Bye Neil.
(phone vibrating)
(upbeat music)
- Happy 40th birthday Neil.
(audience applauding)
(audience cheering)
- Get that damn fire in the hole, speech.
- No speech.
- Here's to being middle aged.
- [Neil] 50's middle aged, not 40.
- Only a 40 year old would say that.
- Hey wait, your gift.
- You didn't have to get me anything.
- I didn't.
I got you something better than something.
- Okay.
- Anytime from now until one of us dies,
no matter how far life has taken us,
I owe you one big favor.
No matter how big and impossible,
no matter how bad the
timing, no matter anything.
One favor.
If something truly terrible happens
and you have no where else
to turn, you can call me.
Or if you desperately need a pack
of smokes or someone to lie for you.
Whatever, anything.
Happy birthday.
(gentle music)
(dramatic music)
(machine beeping)
(phone vibrating)
- Neil, Neil help.
Help.
Help!
Neil, help.
- Lizzy, hold on.
- Neil, help, help.
- Hold on, wait, wait,
wait, hold on, hold on.
I'll get somebody, hold on.
- Help!
- Lizzy?
- What?
- There was an accident.
You're in a hospital.
We had to perform emergency surgery
and the only way to
stabilize you in recovery
was to induce a coma, you understand?
- Is my body still asleep?
Do I have to shake something off?
Like when you rest your elbows
on your knees for too long?
- There was major damage
to your spinal cord,
your brain luckily is
in very good condition,
you sustained serious injury
to what's called the C7 vertebrae.
- What's that mean?
- It's a quadriplegic injury,
the C7 vertebrae primarily
innervates your triceps,
and as you can see you do have neck
and shoulder movement
which is a fantastic sign.
However it is very likely that
you will never walk again.
You'll need to attend physical therapy
to see if there's any
progress in your body,
but we really have no way of knowing
what type of movement or
feeling you'll have, if any.
Typically with luck and
work you'll gain some
wrist function and
sometimes C7's can even use
their arms and only have some
tingling in their fingers.
It really all depends.
- Neil.
- What?
Hey, excuse me, excuse me,
can I ask you something?
Have you seen her brother?
- No, not for a while now.
- Okay, so she's been in
there by herself, right?
I asked you guys
specifically to let me know--
Spaghetti, burgers, and quesadillas.
Oh wait no, that's a
spaghetti burger quesadilla.
- I pictured a cute little cafe
by our cute little house outside of LA.
Instead it's this salt
factory for families
of six who all hate different things.
- Listen, we came here because of you,
you wanted to come here, I didn't.
- I didn't know we'd be
moving to a diabetes colony.
- I told you, that's what America is,
it's Brooklyn and diabetes factories.
- Okay, I LA can't be like that.
- LA probably isn't like that,
but you didn't want to go to
LA, you wanted to come here.
Do you want to go to LA?
- No.
I hear the rentals in LA don't
even come with refrigerators.
So, no.
Besides, LA is was too predictable,
then we'd just be that couple
that moves from New York to LA.
Always explaining the different
neighborhoods to our friends.
Oh, this is so like Williamsburg,
or this is so like Silver Lake.
Stupid stuff like that.
God, it's stupid Neil, and you know it.
Moving to LA from New York
is for people that say dumb
things like I hate the winter,
or oh my God, I miss having a car.
Stupid shit like that.
I can't believe I chased you back
to this stupid fucking shit hole.
We should just do euthanasia.
- You know what?
Can we just wait and see
how much you hate all
this before we start thinking
about stuff like that?
Neither of us have any
idea how this is gonna go.
- Do you remember that Almodóvar movie?
The one where the nurse has sex
with the woman when she's in a coma?
- Yeah, I remember it.
We saw it at the Angelica.
- No.
We saw it at the other
movie theater on Halston.
The one on the east side,
the one no one ever remembers is there.
Right next to that bright
all night diner with all the desserts.
- Right.
Yeah, you're right.
Both of those are gone by the way.
- [Lizzy] I told you, everything
that we loved is dead.
Our New York is dead.
Why did you come back?
- I don't know.
There's always a new New
York on deck I guess.
- [Lizzy] Did you fuck
me while I was in a coma?
- What?
No.
- You prude.
- All right.
- Hey, wait, wait, wait, where ya going?
- I gotta go, I got, I
got to do some stuff.
- Work?
- [Neil] Yeah, I gotta work.
- Oh.
- [Neil] I'll see you later.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I'll see you later.
(machine beeping)
(dramatic music)
- You okay?
Can you do the other side for me?
- [Man] Okay, coming loose.
- Okay.
Get the Velcro.
(Velcro ripping)
Take your time.
- [Man] Okay.
(wood clatters)
(hammer banging)
(Neil crying)
- Lizzy, I'm Nelly.
I'm a training nurse
Not a nurse in training,
but a training nurse.
God, it's a stupid name for a nurse.
- What does one of those do?
- I help you transition
to the inpatient part of your recovery.
Do you have any questions
about anything so far?
It must be nice to be out of the vest.
Get a little movement into your shoulders.
- I don't know.
- [Nelly] I guess you
must feel really weird.
- You know, people used to accuse me
of white knuckling it through life
and now it's like, I
can't even move my hands.
- We'll get you white
knuckling again in no time.
(gentle music)
- Cheers.
(woman laughs)
- Hi Spoon, right?
I really loved the Ramon's cover.
- It was Tom Waits.
- Thanks.
- You know, we do a show here every month,
a singer, songwriter,
showcase type of thing.
And if you have any originals,
you should stop by sometime.
- Yeah, totally.
- Do you play too?
- No.
- Yeah, he does.
- Okay, well I hope I see you around.
- Yeah, definitely.
Weirdo.
Are you embarrassed?
- No.
The only thing worse than
the people within Bohemia
are the people outside of
it, trust me, I've done both.
I'm not going to dabble around
on stage for this pack of Philistines.
- Filly what?
- Philistines, artless idiots.
These people, they're just tourists.
They treat performing in Brooklyn
like the resume builder,
play New York city check.
Not one of them has any intention
of pushing themselves creatively.
And even if they wanted to,
they wouldn't know how to.
These kids, these, they're
just playing with house money.
Half of them have trust funds.
These kids can leave
whenever they want to.
They're just tourists.
- You're a tourist.
I'm from here.
- You weren't hanging
at Mars Bar 15 years ago
you were just teething, will you trust me?
Hey, can we get a couple more shots?
- One, two, three, four.
Hold it sustained.
- That's really good Lizzy.
Yeah, keep it going, one more time.
So good.
- Now let's go back one, two, three.
- [Nelly] Nice, come on Lizzy,
nothing in life comes easy, right?
- Oh my God.
If she's going to continue talking to me
like that put my head under the water.
- One, two, three.
- [Nelly] Good.
- Hold that, good job.
- Hey.
- Hi Neil.
- Liz, I'm really sorry that
I haven't been coming that much.
- My nurse is a nightmare.
Look around
- What are you watching?
- Just some stupid
fucking inspirational shit
this nurse leaves on at night.
- [Neil] I can't believe
the way this is edited.
- [Lizzy] Look at the transitions.
- Hey, who brought that?
- You're pointing, I can't see.
- Well just guess what the only thing
over here I would ever point at is?
- Oh, Garth brought that.
- Garth came here?
- Of course, we're friends.
- Liz, I am so sorry.
I've been trying to figure out how to--
- I need you to Almodóvar me Neil.
- What?
- I already know what your
gonna fight me on this.
And I already know what
we have accomplished
all that we are going to accomplish but.
- Lizzy, we can't do that.
- I need to feel someone close to me.
- I am close to you, it's crazy.
- I feel like I'm gonna fucking die
if I don't feel someone
close to me Neil, please.
- What am I supposed, like?
- Please.
- What are we supposed to do, we're in a--
- It's for science or, just, Neil please?
- I don't know how, what
am I supposed to do?
You're hooked up to machines.
- Please.
- Fuck.
I will try it, but we are gonna
do this really, really quickly.
Can this come off?
All right.
(machine beeps)
- Oh my God, it's red.
Holy.
Oh my God.
- [Neil] Yeah, yeah it's
as ridiculous as ever.
- Oh my God.
- [Neil] I wonder what
that's supposed to be?
- Okay, I'm putting the keys.
Oh my God.
The towels are tiny.
Neil, really look.
- [Neil] Can we both fit in here?
- I don't know, go on.
I think this is, this is kind
of everything I expected this to be.
(Neil chuckles)
Oh my God.
- Well do you want, do you
want me to get in with you?
- No.
I want you to admire me
in this lovely bathtub.
Do I look like a queen?
(gentle music)
- [Neil] Yeah.
- Yes, in her royal bathing chamber.
- Yeah.
- [Lizzy] Are you throwing a fit
because we aren't having sex?
- I'm fine.
- Okay, you're not fine.
- I just don't get it,
why did we even come here?
We spent 150 bucks.
- Because it's weird, and it's something
that we've never done before.
Oh my God, you didn't think that we were
actually gonna come
here to have sex, right?
- I mean is that so crazy?
We're here, why don't we just--
- Oh sorry Neil that this soft core
baby boomer shit doesn't turn me on.
Porn in the TV, a tepid
bathtub, corny lights.
What, we're we supposed to come here
and have some magic night of passion?
This isn't serious, it's ironic.
This isn't serious.
God, there's probably a
pool full of fat swingers,
should we join in on that to?
- Okay, then why are we sleeping here?
Why didn't we come and look
at it and laugh, and then we could--
- [Lizzy] Because it
was supposed to be fun,
and instead all night you're
acting like a predator.
- So that's it, you're going to sleep?
(people moaning)
- Fine.
Fuck me.
Fuck me Neil, I'm conceding.
God if you can even get hard.
- Oh, yeah, this is fun.
- [Lizzy] I think I feel you Neil.
- Yeah.
- [Lizzy] Are you hard?
- Mmhm.
- How bizarre.
Am I wet?
- Yeah.
- I think I feel you inside me Neil.
Oh wow.
You're Almodóvaring me.
Kind of.
(gentle music)
Did you cum?
- Yeah.
- Neil I need you to hold me.
- You know I don't like
cuddling after sex.
(gentle music)
- [Woman] Hi.
- Hi, Spoon.
- Riley.
Nice to meet you.
So, this is it.
I try to keep it pretty tidy.
Don't bring the party home, all that.
- Yeah, don't worry, I don't
bring the party home either.
Those days are behind me.
- Cool.
How old did you say you were?
- Turning 20 soon.
- So what are you into?
I dabble a bit in music.
But it's not too loud, don't worry.
- Oh cool, dabble.
- Yeah, you know, here and there.
Do you play an instruments?
- Nah.
- That's Vic Falls, you ever been?
- I haven't even been to Niagara Falls.
- [Riley] South America?
Bora Bora?
India?
- No.
- Yellow Stone?
Have you ever done any traveling?
- I've been to Queens.
I'm actually supposed to go on
a cross country road trip in a few months.
- [Riley] Oh, fun.
I've done that.
What route are you gonna take?
Through Chicago?
- I don't even know yet.
I actually have to learn
how to drive first.
- Well when I went, we
went through Chicago.
And then through New
Orleans on the way back.
We actually went the wrong
way, and ended up at the Alamo.
Which wasn't as impressive as I had hoped,
but they have a really good gift shop.
- That's her.
- Yep.
- [Nelly] Hi, I'm Nelly.
- Hi.
- You're Neil.
- Yup.
- Is this the Beatles.
- Yeah, it's nice to listen to
some upbeat stuff, you know?
- Just casually sitting around,
listening to the Beatles?
- Yeah, you don't?
- No, I try to push
myself a little furthers,
so I don't really sit around
and listen to the Beatles
and neither does Lizzy.
(Nelly sighs)
- So how's it all going?
Hopefully you're staying
positive with this stuff,
I know it can be a really big adjustment.
You know, one of the keys is to think
about the things that
used to make you happy.
And then get to the deeper meaning of them
because you can replace
those feelings with different actions.
What did you like ding?
- Arguing.
- Well that will still be easy.
Anything else?
- I liked to listen to music.
- Did you dance at all?
- No, no, I liked to listen
to music, I don't dance to it.
You don't get it.
- Well it sounds to me
like you can still do that.
What is something that you used
to do that you can't do anymore?
- Drinking.
- Well that's--
- I liked drinking.
- That's something, being
social, going out with friends.
- No, no that's not
what I'm talking about.
I liked to drink, I'm not talking
about going out with a bunch of girls
on some stupid fucking ladies night
and talking about our
periods, I like to drink
- Okay well something else,
maybe something healthy that you'll miss.
- The animals.
- You mean like petting animals?
- Yes.
I don't know.
No, I liked watching animals.
- Animals are still around.
Lizzy, something that
you did with your legs.
- Oh, you mean like walking?
Yeah I'm really gonna miss walking,
actually you know what
else I'm gonna miss?
I'm going miss shaving my
own legs, shitting on my own,
showering on my own,
and geez, those are just in the bathroom.
There's a whole litany of things
that I am going to miss, all of it.
- [Nelly] All right but the point
of the exercise is that we try to--
- Yeah, no, no, no, I get the point,
I get the point, you're
trying to get me to realize
that everything is going
to be okay, but it's not.
It is not going to be okay,
I cannot use my fucking body.
I am a fuck up.
Man I am a fuck up.
A few millimeters and the
doctor said I wouldn't
have felt a thing, I would have
just been asleep for forever.
Take this out of my ear.
Take this bubblegum crap
out of my ear right now.
Now stick it in your own, turn it up
and listen to it like the
philistine that you are.
- If there's a fire, can you get?
- Why would there be a fire?
- For the same reason
there are always fires.
Fire is a thing that exists.
- [Spoon] Hey roommate.
- And so are dead people.
- Hey roomie.
- Hey, this is Neil, my moving buddy.
- Hi.
- How's it going?
- Do you need help?
- [Spoon] Oh no, you don't have to.
- Oh don't be silly, I've moved all over
the world by myself, I
know how awful it is.
- She a back packer?
- Yeah, she's been everywhere.
How'd you know?
- Cause only the worst
people wear those pants.
- I saw one just like this in Italy.
- You know how you can tell
if somebody's traveled a lot?
- [Spoon] How?
- They'll tell you.
(Spoon chuckles)
- Lily.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Are you here for the showcase?
- Yeah.
It's Spoon.
- Spoon?
- Yeah, Spoon, we met at the open mic.
- Oh, cool, yeah, yeah, I remember.
I'll put you on the list.
- Thanks, yeah, it's really.
Cool.
(gentle music)
- Hey!
Don't put your shit in my trash.
You don't put your trash
in my trash, fucking idiot.
Are you fucking crazy?
Putting your trash in my trash, huh?
What do you think?
- [Spoon] Let's get some back to backs.
- [Garth] Why not?
- I'll do one with you all.
Cheers guys.
- [Both] Cheers.
- Oh.
Cheers.
You know Neil was a musician, right?
He ever talk to you about any of that?
I mean, he was like, really good.
Like he used to play at
Brown, you know, Brownings?
No, no, you don't remember Brownings.
Anyway, he used to play at this
place Brownings every week,
it was like a great club
and like, you know, a lot of times
he's just like opening for
big bands and stuff like that.
And he sold a couple of songs.
He made a lot of money off
of it, at least at the time
and he was like on the verge of making it.
I mean, at least that's what it seemed.
I mean, it had this great song.
It was about, well, it was, it
was about two bears fucking,
but it was good, it was
really, really good actually.
- He always talked like
he didn't play much.
- There are two kinds of drunks.
You either stop trying or
you haven't started yet.
You're either on the
front end, or the backend.
And me and Neil, we're on the back end.
- [Spoon] What about the
people in the middle?
- Middle of what?
- Living or whatever?
- Cheers.
- No.
Insurmountable.
Jesus.
You all right?
- [Spoon] I just want the cold floor.
(gentle music)
Play me a song that you wrote.
- I told you, I don't
remember any of them.
- [Spoon] You should try.
- Spoon.
I've already done all this stuff.
You know, you get to, you
get to a certain point
and I'm not trying to old man you,
it's just, you reach a
stage in your life where
you just start losing touch with some of
the things that you used to do
and the things that used to matter.
I just don't mind the
idea of disappearing.
But you shouldn't, you know?
You don't need me to go to open mics.
You're good on your own.
- [Spoon] I went to that
showcase thing tonight.
- Good.
- It was fucking stupid, you were right.
Am I allowed to fall asleep
on the floor right now
or is that weird?
- We're going to tilt back this way, okay?
- How you doing Lizzy, feel okay?
- I'm fine.
- Good, that's really good.
- I got ya.
Back.
- [Nelly] I had to look
up the word philistine.
- Probably felt pretty
shitty when you found it.
- Sort of.
I don't mind being that.
It seems to me like I'm the
one who can enjoy the Beatles
and you're the one who can't.
- [Lizzy] Oh, I liked the
Beatles, don't think that I don't
- You just don't like talking about it.
- [Lizzy] Right, you
sound like a dumb fuck
if you talk about how
much you like the Beatles.
- Some people don't care how they sound.
If they like something, they just like it.
Feel good?
- Very funny.
This reminds me of something
that I'm going to miss.
Okay, don't concentrate on me so much.
It's way too dramatic.
I was thinking of that feeling
of tangling your legs with someone else's
or like when you climb into a cold bed
and you move your legs around,
like you're treading water.
Collecting all the
freshness of the sheets.
I guess I never realized
the feeling of my legs.
- How old were you when you first shaved?
- I remember the first time that I shaved
I cut myself really bad.
It was right below the knee, yeah,
and at the same time my dad managed
to call me down for dinner.
I panicked.
I went and I put on sweat
pants and my tall gym socks.
I sat there through dinner.
I remember when we were done eating
my sock was soaked with blood.
Oh God, that wasn't even the worst part.
My dad found the sock in the wash
and he was convinced that
I'd started my period.
So he sat me down to have the tampon talk
for like the hundredth time.
It was so awkward but I did
not have the heart to tell him.
So I would take tampons and wrap them
in toilet paper and then just
throw them in the trashcan.
I didn't start my period
for like two years.
- Where was your mom in all this?
No sisters or anything?
- No, my mom had died the year before.
No sisters, no siblings
really, other then Dennis.
But he's 15 years older,
so he doesn't count.
- Oh yeah.
I met him at the hospital.
- Yeah, Neil said he was there.
He actually left before I
woke up, typical Dennis.
- [Neil] You're moving more
than you were yesterday.
- [Lizzy] Mmhm.
- That's good.
Just, just let me know when
you want me to feed you
and then I'll--
- I don't need you to feed me Neil.
- Well, you do and you're
going to eventually, so just.
- Neil, please stop talking.
I'm trying to concentrate.
- Fine.
You're going to regret that.
- No, not me.
Oh my God, it was so satisfying.
- You know what, you just stay right there
for a few years, and
you're going to regret it.
- That was so satisfying,
but I have an even better
idea, hold on just one second.
This is gonna be really perfect.
There we go.
- Stop it.
- Why, that's perfect like that.
Actually.
- What?
- Since you already have some
cereal, I think it needs milk.
- Stop, no.
- [Neil] Because.
- No.
- [Neil] No, well it'll be dry.
- [Neil] Hold on just.
Here it comes, ready?
- Okay, Neil, please stop,
I'm claustrophobic now.
- [Neil] Three.
- Neil you fucking asshole, stop, stop it!
Stop!
- Hey, hey, hey, relax, relax.
- Stop.
- Relax, honey I'm sorry.
- I was joking, I'm sorry,
I didn't realize you wanted
me to stop, I'm sorry.
- God, I wanna tear my
fucking skin off right now.
- [Neil] God, we're gonna
need a safe word or something,
I was playing around, I'm sorry.
- JonBenét Ramsey.
- What?
- That's our safe word.
(gentle music)
- You know they say they can see the seams
of the ball right as it
leaves the pitchers gloves,
and then these guys and them,
run right when it bounces off the bat,
they can where's it's gonna land.
- Neil did you see that?
- [Neil] Yeah, I heard.
- I'm gonna use the bathroom.
(gentle music)
- We should go a basketball game to.
Okay, what are some of the worst teams?
I only wanna root for the worst team.
I wanna be a real fan.
(gentle music)
(women laughs)
- Right?
God, oh my gosh you're so impressive.
You're gonna be running
for this chair in no time.
(Lizzy chuckles)
Hey.
Have you talked to her yet?
So Lizzy, Phil is going
to be taking over for me.
You've been making really great progress
and we're ready to send you home.
So you'll be doing intense outpatient
therapy five days a week.
And Phil is the guy that's
going to get you ready
to do that two-step
we've been talking about.
- [Phil] Hey Lizzy, I hear your mobilizing
the chair all by yourself already.
- [Nelly] Yeah, she's
been doing really great.
You'll be home in no time.
- Who's going to take me
to the bathroom and stuff?
- That's going to be transferred over
to a hospitality nurse.
You'll meet her when you
get back to the hospital.
- [Lizzy] Oh, so your?
Wait, do you do both?
- Just in the beginning stages.
You're going to need Phil
to do all the muscle work
and stuff that you need
before you can go home.
- Okay.
Bye.
- I'll come and check in on
you from time to time, okay?
- Okay.
Hey, you know I'm free
tomorrow or whenever.
- [Phil] Tell me about what some
of your immediate goals are.
- Put your weight on it, yes.
So good, amazing, all right.
Let's try one more.
- [Lizzy] And what if there's a fire?
- This is temporary.
We're selling the place.
- [Lizzy] What happened to that picture?
- Garth and I broke it
moving in the futon.
Glass everywhere.
- Like that scene in Mission Impossible?
- [Neil] Just like that
scene in Mission Impossible.
- [Woman] You're going to need
a handicap friendly bathroom Lizzy.
What's your plan?
She needs to move.
There are no amenities here.
I don't even know how you got
her up here to begin with.
- Well you know, the hospital didn't do
a great job explaining timelines to me.
We're doing the best we can, I don't know.
- [Woman] She needs to go home.
- [Neil] This is her home,
there's no where for her to go.
- No parents, no siblings?
- Nobody.
What, do you think I
think this is optimal?
I don't, okay?
- God, whatever.
(gentle music)
- That's the best we can do.
- Stop.
- What do you want, all right.
I don't know what you want me to do.
Do you want me to pick you up?
I can try to pick you up.
- Stop it.
- I don't know, what do you want me to do?
I told you this was a stupid idea.
(gentle music)
You want a hot dog or pizza?
- How much is pizza?
- Don't be one of those people
that complains about the price of pizza.
Or maybe that's hotdogs?
I'll be right back.
(gentle music)
- Um, excuse me, sir.
I'm sorry, my hands are really gross
from making sandcastles all day.
Can you feed me my pretzel?
(gentle music)
- God, fuck.
- Why are we always so miserable?
It's like, we want to
be miserable, you know?
Like we want to be noticed for it.
- We always had each other.
- That's a very small community Neil.
But I came back because I
didn't have anyone else.
- I know.
- I thought that this, that
this was another adventure.
That this was another chapter.
In our endless game of cat and mouse.
Only this time you'd be
playing the role of the mouse
and it'd be fucked up if I
didn't play the role of the cat.
Because it didn't seem fair.
- God, let's just go to sleep.
It really doesn't help
to talk about this stuff.
- What was I supposed to do Neil?
Just find somebody else
and teach them to repeat after me?
- So what do you?
- Have you ever heard
of the Cardiff giant?
- No.
- Some famous upstate New York thing.
This guy made a fake skeleton of a giant
and charged people admission to go see it.
And then PT. Barnum.
- Will you play me that song?
The one where the bears fuck each other.
- [Neil] No, I will not
because we're going upstate.
I have Garth's car, let's go
- Where upstate?
- [Neil] Catskills.
- That's not upstate.
- [Neil] Anything over
125th street is upstairs.
White Plains, upstate,
Yonkers racetrack, upstate.
(gentle music)
Just don't go fast.
- [Lizzy] Okay.
- [Neil] I don't think these things
are supposed to go on gravel.
- [Lizzy] Neil, I'm not going fast.
- [Neil] Can you turn the wheel,
let me just put the seatbelt on you.
- [Lizzy] No.
- [Neil] There's no reason for us
not to put the seatbelt on.
- Neil, I don't need the seatbelt.
You are entirely way too
stressed out right now.
- Well I thought I just saw a turtle.
- Probably didn't.
I need you to walk a little faster.
- No, I need you to go a little slower.
- Just walk.
What's the point in having this
if I can't have a fun time?
(gentle music)
This is probably the fastest
I'll ever move again in
my life, let's be honest.
It's pretty quiet up here.
(Lizzy chuckles)
Do you remember when we
wanted to move to Berlin?
- Yeah.
- Oh God, that was our big,
original Bohemian idea.
Moving to a city that is
exactly like Brooklyn.
And we'd eventually just disappear
from this place entirely.
Remember?
You've always been
obsessed with disappearing.
- You never want to be the
last one to leave a party.
- [Lizzy] Yeah.
- I'm going to go grill some hotdogs.
You want to come up or
you want to stay here?
- No, I'm gonna stay here.
(dramatic music)
(Neil humming)
(suspenseful music)
- Hey, you know Lizzy.
I don't think we thought this through.
I don't think you're going to
be able to get back up there.
(suspenseful music)
Lizzy, Lizzy!
Fuck.
(suspenseful music)
Lizzy, Lizzy!
(dramatic music)
(upbeat music)
- [Woman] Hey girl it's me.
Sorry I missed your call.
I'm on my way, I'll see
you at the bar in a second.
(upbeat music)
- Hey!
- Oh my God, your hair!
- Yeah, so cute, right?
- Yeah!
Oh, two.
- Oh here it comes, is it vodka?
- Whiskey.
- I can't do whiskey.
- Since when?
Just do whiskey.
L'chaim.
(upbeat music)
Give me more, more.
- No way dude.
You gotta wait a while.
Let's go dance.
Come on.
(upbeat music)
(dramatic music)
- [Nelly] One of the
keys is to think about
the things that used to make you happy.
What did you like doing?
- [Lizzy] I liked to listen to music.
- [Nelly] Oh, did you dance at all?
- [Lizzy] No, no, I
liked to listen to music,
I don't dance to it.
You don't get it.
- [Nelly] Well it sounds to
me like you can still do that.
What is something that you
used to do that you can't do?
- [Lizzy] Drinking.
- [Nelly] Well that's--
- [Lizzy] I liked drinking.
- [Nelly] That's something, being social,
going out with friends.
- [Lizzy] No, no, that's
not what I'm talking about.
I like to drink.
- You okay?
- Yeah, it's gonna heal fine.
- Sometimes it's best
to face grief head on.
And think about the things
you used to love about her.
(dramatic music)
- I just can't wait to finally move.
I'm actually moving to Coalbrook.
My real estate agent was saying
it's basically like the next Brooklyn.
And everybodies moving there
that's moving out of the city.
It's like the last stop on the
L train, it's just as cool.
And just because everybody dresses
the same doesn't mean they're bad people.
It's all about connecting.
It's like yeah, gonna
be the next Brooklyn.
- [Man] And next up is
Neil, is there a Neil here?
Neil?
- Thanks.
This is an old one.
(gentle music)
- So you're gonna be all lame and moody
and leave New York to go find yourself?
- Speaking of leaving New York,
when are you and Sloan taking off?
- We're not.
Seems kind of poserish.
To do touch and goes all over the world
just so I can say I've been there?
I'm no tourist.
And for what?
Just so I have something to talk about
to people I don't even care about?
No one wants to hear
me talk about Yosemite.
Even if they do it's
just so they can butt in
and tell me how great it was 20 years ago.
It's a competition,
traveling is a competition.
- Yosemite's also just really pretty.
- See, you couldn't wait
to poke me with that.
And yet, if I'm in a room with people
who've lived in Brooklyn for three five,
seven, nine years, and
I say I'm from here,
then I've kind of dampen the mood.
Like the game is over.
Like I've pulled some kind of trump card,
now everyone has to wait for me to leave
so they can talk about how much
their neighborhood has
changed over the years,
so they can be a fucking expert.
Like why does it even matter,
where does this count?
- Will you stop?
Just stop.
I did this.
I just fucked you to good.
- You stole my line.
Doesn't even work right there though.
(upbeat music)
♪ There's no two, eight or nine ♪
♪ To these numbers I am counting ♪
- [Riley] There wasn't
civilization for miles.
We ended up having to camp out.
(door knocks)
- Hey.
- [Woman] Hi honey.
- Hey how's it going?
I'm Neil.
I called.
- 200 for arrival.
- Okay.
When you say arrival, you mean it's 200?
- It's 200 now or I leave.
- Okay.
But like anything else that I want
is extra, is this just like a?
- Yes, that's how it
works, what do you want?
- Could you suck my, suck
my, give me like a blow job?
Please.
- Pull it out.
75 with a condom, 100 without.
- [Neil] You want it right here?
- 75 or 100?
- [Neil] Okay, um.
I think I have, here's 80,
can I get the five back or?
- Get it hard.
- [Neil] Just forget it.
I was kind hoping that you
could help me with that?
- [Woman] What do you want to have happen?
- I don't know, something sexual.
Like could you show, like do something,
like show me your ass
or something like that?
- [Woman] It's an extra
50 without underwear.
- I've just been trying a little and if,
so if you could just, could
you put your hand on it?
Is that?
- That's a hand job, that's an extra 100.
- That's, all right look
just give me one second, I'll try to.
- Well, time is money if you can't
get it hard right now, I have to leave.
- Just, is this.
- Okay, okay.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, hold on.
No can you just give me like,
can you give me my blowjob money back?
- [Woman] No.
- Stop, you can't just leave.
- [Woman] And what are you
gonna tell the cops huh?
- Yeah, this is, mother fucking.
Okay, that was a mistake, fuck.
(door buzzing)
Okay, who are you?
- I'm with the fucking service let me in.
- No, no, no, they already sent somebody.
- I don't give a fuck
if they sent somebody,
it's 200 dollars just for showing
up, so you have to pay me.
- No, no, you're not listening.
- Yes, it's 200 dollars
just for showing up.
- No, they already sent
an angry person here.
- I'm getting my fucking money.
I'm not gonna leave here
without my 200 dollars.
- Bring your voice down.
- You want me to bring my guy?
- No, I don't want you to bring your guy,
I want you to be reasonable,
listen, I already paid somebody.
- Give me my 200 fucking dollars!
- Okay, okay, shut up, shut up, shut up,
shut the fuck up, just here take it, take,
there take the money and just
get out of here and be quiet.
- Have a good night.
(door buzzes)
(dramatic music)
(gentle music)
(door buzzes)
- Hello?
- Spoon, I need you to come down here.
Just come down here
and bring some clothes.
- [Spoon] What the fuck?
- [Neil] Will you fucking come down here?
- Okay, damn!
- [Neil] You said that
if I ever needed you,
you would come no matter
what was happening
and I really fucking need you now,
so can we please just go and
don't ask me any questions.
I know it's crazy, just please.
It's my birthday present.
(gentle music)
(Neil crying)
Hey, did you bring your bag?
- Jesus, what the fuck man?
Come on, stop selling it.
- I'm not fucking selling it.
- Come on.
(gentle music)
- [Neil] Spoon, wake up.
Spoon, Spoon, you gotta wake up, okay?
You gotta drive.
You gotta drive, I'm gonna get us killed.
I'm so fucking out of it.
- [Spoon] Wait, are we there yet?
- No, we're not there.
I'm pulling over, you gotta drive.
(gentle music)
- You know I can't drive.
Where, what the fuck, where are we going?
- [Neil] Spoon, fuck!
(gentle music)
- Okay.
(traffic rumbling)
Is this really what we came out here for?
It's just a big fucking spoon.
(traffic rumbling)
- [Neil] I kinda like it.
- [Spoon] Really?
(gentle music)
(upbeat music)
♪ The patterns in the ceiling
can be ever so revealing ♪
♪ Once I saw these two
bears fuck each other ♪
♪ Once I saw the weaver pull
over of my dead grandma ♪
♪ And I turned, I saw you ♪
(announcer speaking in foreign language)